the Americans have forward-deployed at
George Washington class submarine with
Polaris nuclear missiles unfortunately
our response is still in drydock
he was the elite of the Russian Navy to
undertake an exercise of this scope
maybe with respect
premature there is no doubt in my mind
that k-19 is ready to fulfill her
mission the pride of the high command
the trials begin in two weeks the port
isn't ready we deliver or we drop
the shield of Mother Russia no sailors
have been given such a boat as k-19 is
the finest submarine in the world we
will not fail I just hope you picked the
right man but in the middle of the
Atlantic Ocean we're sitting on a pile
of geraniums wrap this around your
private parts he was all that stood
between the superpowers I have a contact
in the head continue the dive 300 meters
close to crush depth I know and totally
after they fired me a fire missile three
was killed today the political branch
gives you the authority to approve any
change of command based on an
astonishing true story needlessly
endangered us both and it's cruel of
course he did not the missions over I'll
kill you when the mission is over the
radiation is going to kill us along k-19
has broken off radio contact
Harrison for in your situation is
desperate then you want we could have an
explosion here are some 1.4 megatons
liam neeson no captain in the soviet
navy has ever been faced with such
decisions the fate of the bolt the cruel
fate of the world all in the balance and
want my men off this part some men pray
for miracles i would rather die and
abandon my men heroes fight for them